README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/orwell-int/robots-ev3.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/orwell-int/robots-ev3) [![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/orwell-int/robots-ev3.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/orwell-int/robots-ev3) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/orwell-int/robots-ev3/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/orwell-int/robots-ev3?branch=master)
robots-ev3
============

This is the code running on the EV3 robots in the ORWELL project.

Checkout the code
-----------------
Get the sources
```
git clone git@github.com:orwell-int/robots-ev3.git
```

Get the submodules
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

local setup for coveralls
-------------------------
Run with maven
--------------
Prerequiste: have jdk-7+ installed on your machine
```
javac -version
>javac 1.7.xxx

java -version                                                         
>java version "1.7.xxx"
```

Install maven:
```
sudo apt-get install maven
```

Download leJOS tar.gz
```
wget -nc --no-check-certificate http://sourceforge.net/projects/ev3.lejos.p/files/0.9.1-beta/leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta.tar.gz/download -O ./leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta.tar.gz
tar -xvf leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta.tar.gz
export EV3_HOME=leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta
```

TEMPORARY DIRTY HACK to configure your setup
```
Provide your Proxy-Robots IP in the RemoteRobot.java class
Provide the IP of your robot in the robots-ev3-module/pom.xml

Connect RFID to S1
Connect NXT US sensor to S4 (or disable it un RemoteRobot.java)
Connect left motor to C port
Connect right motor to D port
```

Run maven for install (download code on robot) and run code on robot
```
mvn validate -q
mvn install antrun:run
```

To update the coveralls status, export your repo token in the following environment variable:
(You will find it on https://coveralls.io/r/orwell-int/robots-ev3)
```
export COVERALLS_REPO_TOKEN=yourToken
```

To update the coveralls status, export your repo token in the following environment variable:
(You will find it on https://coveralls.io/r/orwell-int/robots-ev3)
```
mvn clean cobertura:cobertura coveralls:report
```

You can also run the jar created by the install to start the application from the command line on the robot itself (by ssh)
```
jrun -cp robots-ev3-module-0.1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar orwell.tank.RemoteRobot
```

Commit message:

Edit Readme to reflect previous changes

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/orwell-int/robots-ev3.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/orwell-int/robots-ev3) [![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/orwell-int/robots-ev3.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/orwell-int/robots-ev3) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/orwell-int/robots-ev3/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/orwell-int/robots-ev3?branch=master)
robots-ev3
============

This is the code running on the EV3 robots in the ORWELL project.

Checkout the code
-----------------
Get the sources
```
git clone git@github.com:orwell-int/robots-ev3.git
```

Get the submodules
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

local setup for coveralls
-------------------------
Run with maven
--------------
Prerequiste: have jdk-7+ installed on your machine
```
javac -version
>javac 1.7.xxx

java -version                                                         
>java version "1.7.xxx"
```

Install maven:
```
sudo apt-get install maven
```

Download leJOS tar.gz
```
wget -nc --no-check-certificate http://sourceforge.net/projects/ev3.lejos.p/files/0.9.1-beta/leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta.tar.gz/download -O ./leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta.tar.gz
tar -xvf leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta.tar.gz
export EV3_HOME=leJOS_EV3_0.9.1-beta
```

Configure your hardware setup
```
Copy the robots-ev3-module/src/main/resources/tank.defaults.ini to tank.config.ini
Edit it so as to reflect your own hardware and proxy configuration
Copy it in ${brick.home} (should be /home/root if you did not edit the pom.xml)
```

Run maven for install (upload code on robot) and run code on robot
```
mvn validate -q
mvn install antrun:run
```

You can also run the jar created by the install to start the application from the command line on the robot itself (through ssh)
Provided you already copied the tank.config.ini and the jar on the target
```
jrun -cp robots-ev3-module-0.1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar orwell.tank.RemoteRobot -f tank.config.ini
```
